Heather: Where am I?
Heather: What a nightmare.
Heather: Dad? It's me. Yeah. Sorry I didn't call sooner. Yeah, I guess I was. Anyway I'm coming home now. Oh, I didn't get that thing you asked me to. Okay. Okay, I will. I love you too dad.
Douglas: Heather. I need to speak with you. My name is Douglas Cartland. I'm a detective.
Heather: A detective? Really? Well nice talking to ya.
Douglas: Hold on. There's someone who wants to meet you. Just let me have an hour, no half an hour of your time.
Heather: My Daddy always told me not to talk to strangers.
Douglas: This is very important. It's about your birth. 
Heather: I'm not interested.
Heather: Are you still following me? Do I have to scream?
Douglas: Sorry. I'll wait here.
Heather: Stay back!
Heather: Get the hell away from me!
Heather: What the hell is this thing?
Heather: Hey wait, what's going on? Where is everybody? Those weird monsters...
Claudia: They've come to witness the Beginning. The rebirth of Paradise, despoiled by mankind.
Heather: What are you talking about?
Claudia: Don't you know? Your power is needed.
Heather: How should I know?
Claudia: I am Claudia.
Heather: So what!
Claudia: Remember me, and your true self as well, also that which you must become. The one who will lead us to Paradise with blood stained hands.
Heather: Claudia? Right? Did you do all this?
Claudia: It was the hand of God.
Heather: Wait!
Heather: I don't get it...
Heather: What does she want me to remember?
Heather: Is this a dream?
Heather: It's got to be! 
Heather: Not even a kid could believe in this.
Heather: But when am I gonna wake up?
Heather: What?
Heather: It's the shopping mall just like before.
Heather: Am I back?
Douglas: Heather!
Heather: It's you...
Douglas: What just happened?
Heather: You must be one of them!
Douglas: What did I do?
Douglas: And what do you mean by "one of them"?
Heather: You're in on this with that Claudia, aren't you?
Douglas: Claudia... What about her?
Douglas: She asked me to find you. That's all.
Heather: So you are one of them!
Douglas: Claudia did all that?
Douglas: Look I was just hired to find you.
Douglas: I'm not on anybodies side.
Douglas: I don't know anything about this.
Douglas: Why don't you start by telling me what happened here?
Douglas: And that monster, what the hell was that?
Heather: I don't know anymore than you do.
Heather: All I know is that something really screwy is going on and I've got a weird feeling it's got something to do with me.
Heather: Maybe I'm just an innocent bystander but I can't feel sorry for you, 'cause you dragged me into this.
Heather: If you hadn't found me...
Douglas: What are you talking about?
Douglas: What's so special about you anyway?
Heather: If I knew that I wouldn't be so confused would I?
Heather: But I know there's something...
Heather: Something I've been running from and forgot for a long time.
Heather: How did I remember that?
Douglas: What's wrong?
Heather: Nothing.
Douglas: Where are you going?
Heather: I'm taking the subway home.
Douglas: What should I do?
Heather: Hell if I know.
Heather: I knew it.
????: It's being invaded by the Otherworld. By a world of someone's nightmarish delusions come to life. 
Heather: Oh no. Not again...
Heather: Did she do this too?
Vincent: Heather... That's what you're called now? Isn't it?
Heather: And who are you?
Vincent: The name's Vincent. Don't forget it Ok?
Vincent: I'm on your side.
Heather: So you say...
Heather: But how do I know you're not with her?
Vincent: Her? You mean Claudia?
Vincent: Please! Don't lump me together with her.
Vincent: She was totally brainwashed by that crazy old hag.
Vincent: I guess "crazy old hag" is a bit harsh. She is your mother after all...
Heather: My mother? What do you mean?
Vincent: You don't remember?
Vincent: So Harry didn't tell you anything.
Vincent: I guess he hid the truth to keep you on his side, eh?
Vincent: That figures. He's a pretty sneaky guy.
Heather: Don't talk about my dad like that!
Vincent: Sorry, I apologize. Please, calm down.
Heather: How do you know my father anyway?
Vincent: I know everything.
Vincent: I know about your past too.
Heather: Then tell me what's going on.
Vincent: You don't know even that?
Heather: That's why I'm asking.
Heather: If you know something then tell me how I can put an end to this.
Vincent: Not yet.
Vincent: Why not enjoy yourself a bit longer?
Heather: Enjoy? I feel like I'm going crazy.
Heather: Doesn't this place get to you at all?
Vincent: Oh it gets to me alright.
Vincent: I find it most fascinating.
Vincent: Wait! I'm not finished talking!
Heather: I knew you were on her side.
Vincent: How do you figure!?
Heather: There's something wrong with you too.
Heather: Tu fui, ego eris. 
Heather: Weird writing.
Heather: What was that?
Heather: Dad, I'm home.
Heather: Listen.... Something really crazy is going on.
Heather: I think we should... Dad?
Heather: Did you do this?
Claudia: You're late.
Heather: But why!? Why!?
Claudia: Revenge for 17 years ago for one thing. If not for him our dream would have come true!
Claudia: And then, he took you away from us.
Heather: I'll get you for this!
Claudia: There is another reason: to fill your heart with hatred.
Claudia: It must be this way. One day you will understand.
Heather: No! I'll never understand!
Claudia: You must try to remember me, and your true self as well.
Claudia: You will birth a God and build an eternal Paradise.
Claudia: Besides, he killed your father. I merely gave the order.
Claudia: So, what will you do?
Claudia: I'll be waiting, where all begins.
Claudia: In the town of Silent Hill.
Douglas: I don't know what to say...
Heather: Then don't say anything.
Heather: I'm fine, so just get out of here, and leave me alone already.
Douglas: Calm down, I just...
Heather: Calm down? How am I supposed to do that?
Heather: My father is dead! He's murdered!
Heather: Get out! This is all your fault!
Heather: If it weren't for you....
Douglas: I'm sorry. 
Heather: Then go!
Douglas: If it'll make you feel better, I will.
Douglas: Is he okay like this? 
Heather: What else can we do? There's no one here to give him a decent burial.
Heather: I'm sorry Dad.
Douglas: What'll you do now?
Heather: I'm going to Silent Hill. 
Douglas: What's in Silent Hill?
Heather: I don't know.
Douglas: Do you think it's safe?
Heather: Of course it isn't!
Heather: I don't know what kind of hell is waiting for me there, but I've got no other choice.
Heather: I don't care about God or Paradise... If that's what she believes in then fine.
Heather: But she won't get away with what she did.
Heather: When I find her, I'll kill her myself.
Douglas: Revenge doesn't solve anything.
Heather: Maybe not, but that's what I'm going to do.
Douglas: I'll give you a ride.
Heather: I don't need your help.
Douglas: Yeah but it's too far to walk.
Douglas: Besides I'm party responsible for this.
Douglas: I'll bring the car around back. Come by when you've finished saying goodbye.
Heather: You know, you might die too.
Douglas: That's fine.
Douglas: No one's going to cry over my grave anyway.
Douglas: I just met a guy named Vincent...
Heather: Vincent?
Douglas: He's a friend of yours right?
Heather: I'm not sure.
Douglas: He said when we get to Silent Hill to look for a guy named Leonard.
Douglas: And he gave me this map. 
Douglas: What do you want to do?
Heather: We can't trust him, but we've got no other choice.
Douglas: Take this too.
Heather: What's this?
Douglas: Your father was holding it.
Douglas: It started raining.
Douglas: Are you sleeping?
Heather: I'm awake.
Douglas: You cold?
Douglas: What's the deal with Silent Hill anyway?
Douglas: It used to be a nice, quiet little town, but now...
Heather: You've been there?
Douglas: Once. On a missing persons case.
Douglas: I never did find him.
Douglas: I'll tell ya, that's one screwed up town.
Douglas: In my line of work, you hear a lot of nasty rumors.
Heather: I was born and raised there.
Douglas: Sorry. I didn't mean to offend you.
Heather: No offence taken.
Douglas: Anyway, I thought you grew up in Portland?
Douglas: What's wrong?
Douglas: You feeling sick?
Heather: My head is pounding. Like the worst hangover ever.
Douglas: Maybe you're carsick.
Heather: No. I'm just trying to remember.
Heather: My childhood.
Heather: Something terrible happened in Silent Hill 17 years ago.
Heather: A woman named Dahlia, she tried to summon the ancient god of the town.
Heather: She offered up her very own daughter.
Douglas: That's crazy.
Heather: Maybe so, but it worked. The girl gave birth to a god.
Douglas: Huh?
Heather: You see, that girl had special powers. 
Douglas: Powers?
Heather: Her classmates called her a witch.
Heather: She could make things happen with her mind.
Heather: She could kill people just by wishing for it.
Heather: But in the end that god was killed by a single person.
Heather: My father, Harry Mason.
Heather: I guess it wasn't much of a god if it could be killed by a human being.
Heather: But I think Claudia is trying to do the same thing again.
Heather: And I've been chosen as the sacrifice.
Douglas: You've got some kind of power in you too?
Heather: After the god died, the girl reappeared.
Heather: She was holding a baby in her arms.
Heather: Before she died, she gave the baby to my father.
Heather: He loved me just like I was his very own daughter.
Heather: Even though he didn't know who or what I was.
Heather: It was so sudden...
Heather: I never had a chance... to tell you...
Heather: To tell you... how happy you made me.
Douglas: I'm gonna head for that Leonard guy's house.
Douglas: You check out the hospital.
Douglas: You got that map, right?
Heather: Yeah.
Douglas: You gonna be okay alone?
Heather: I'm not a child, you know.
Heather: Are you sure it's not you who's afraid to be alone?
Douglas: You're right. I am afraid.
Douglas: I'm 50 something years old and I never seen nothing like this.
Dream: I still feel like I'm dreaming.
Heather: More like a nightmare I'd say.
Douglas: Yeah. I want to wake up and have a smoke already.
Douglas: Meet me back here when you're finished looking around the hospital, Ok?
Heather: Rodger.
Heather: Hello...?
Leonard: Claudia?
Heather: No, I'm...
Leonard: Don't lie to me, Claudia.
Leonard: You're always trying to run from your responsibilities.
Leonard: Have you come to apologize?
Leonard: Or maybe you still don't realize how foolish you've been?
Heather: Listen to me already!
Heather: I'm not Claudia!
Leonard: You're not Claudia?
Heather: My name is Heather.
Leonard: Heather...?
Heather: Who are you?
Leonard: Leonard Wolf.
Leonard: I'm sorry. I thought you were my daughter.
Heather: Claudia is your daughter?
Leonard: Oh so you know her do you?
Leonard: Are you one of her followers?
Heather: No. Never.
Heather: When I find her, I...
Leonard: I cam feel the hatred.
Heather: What?
Leonard: Behind your words... the anger.
Leonard: You plan to kill her don't you?
Heather: I'm sorry.
Heather: But she... she killed my father.
Leonard: She's a fool, but she's still my daughter.
Leonard: I was going to forgive her if she changed her ways.
Leonard: But I see it's too late.
Leonard: Heather, will you help me?
Heather: Help you?
Leonard: I'm locked up in here.
Leonard: And I must stop Claudia.
Heather: Where are you now?
Leonard: I'm not sure myself, but the door is at the end of the hall on the second floor. 
Leonard: I think I can be of help to you.
Leonard: I have a seal. Please.
Heather: A seal?
Heather: The end of the hall on the second floor?
Nurse: Still has an unusually high fever...
Nurse: Eyes don't open... getting a pulse.
Nurse: But just barely breathing.
Nurse: Why! What is keeping that child alive?
????: Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you.
????: Happy birthday dear...
????: Oh, I forgot your name.
Heather: Who are you!?
????: Oh, okay thanks.
????: Happy birthday dear "Hooaryou".
????: Happy birthday to you.
????: Happy 31st birthday!
Heather: Is this Leonard?
????: That's the murderers name, not my name.
????: I'm not your beloved Stanley either.
????: He's underground now. His new name is #7.
????: But don't worry about that now. It's time to celebrate your birthday!
Heather: You've got me mistaken for some someone else. Today's not my...
????: I'm not mistaken. Today is your 24th birthday.
????: And I have a present for you.
????: Which do you prefer? To give pain or to receive it?
????: You can have the one you hate the most.
????: Happy birthday to you.
Heather: But you're wrong.
Heather: It's not my birthday.
Leonard: Heather?
Heather: Yeah?
Heather: Leonard? Where are you?
Leonard: Thank you. Now I can finally leave here.
Leonard: Now Claudia's ridiculous dream is over.
Leonard: Well, I guess it's time to dispose of her.
Leonard: The "salvation of all mankind". Ha!
Leonard: Why must be reward even the unbelievers?
Heather: What are you talking about?
Leonard: About our plans of course.
Leonard: It's true that God is merciful.
Leonard: But first one must be chosen.
Leonard: Only those who hearken to the voice of God will be given the keys to Paradise.
Leonard: Don't you think so, Heather?
Heather: Yeah, sure.
Heather: Go ahead and think whatever you want.
Leonard: What do you mean by that?
Heather: I mean that I don't think the way you guys do.
Heather: I don't want any part of that kinda paradise.
Leonard: You're an unbeliever? You deceived me!?
Heather: I didn't deceive you. We were both just wrong about each other.
Heather: I thought you were a normal person.
Leonard: Heretic! You plan to destroy God! 
Heather: I told you. I wasn't trying to trick anyone. What is this seal thing, anyway?
Leonard: Don't play innocent with me. You can't fool me anymore.
Leonard: The seal is mine. God has appointed me to be its guardian.
Leonard: The only thing you'll get from me is a gruesome death!
Heather: Leonard, is that you?
Leonard: Death to all who turn their backs on God!
Heather: Is every person here a mental case?
Heather: Well I guess you're not a person anyway.
Heather: Leonard's not here anymore.
Heather: I guess I should head back to the hotel now.
Heather: I hope Douglas is okay.
Heather: What's this?
Claudia: Why did you send her to my father?
Vincent: Was that wrong?
Claudia: It's your fault that he...
Vincent: But surely it's a good thing. It means that he was one of God's beloved, no?
Claudia: Those who mock God will never receive salvation.
Claudia: You'll go to Hell, Vincent...
Claudia: You'll never feel the joy of God's everlasting paradise.
Vincent: You think that God is going to save you? Ha!
Claudia: What do you know anyway!?
Vincent: I know about the pleasures of this world.
Vincent: And I want to find my happiness while I'm still here.
Vincent: You hated your father, didn't you?
Vincent: I saw the way he hit you, kicked you and made you cry.
Vincent: The memory of his cruelty his forever burned into my mind.
Claudia: Yes, yes. And that's why we need God!
Vincent: What you call "faith" is nothing more than a child crying out for love.
Claudia: You don't understand. None of you do.
Heather: Where's Douglas?
Vincent: He went out.
Vincent: But he left a message for you.
Heather: Was there someone else here just now?
Vincent: No, no, just me.
Vincent: Don't you want to know what the message is?
Heather: Yeah, what did he say?
Vincent: "The church is on the other side of the lake".
Heather: Church...? I wonder what he meant by that.
Vincent: You don't understand?
Vincent: That's where Claudia is.
Vincent: Across the lake, on the north side.
Vincent: If you're going you'd better go through the amusement park.
Vincent: It's probably the only way in now.
Vincent: Go northwest on Nathan Avenue. It's a bit far but closer than heaven.
Heather: Is that is for the message?
Vincent: Uh huh.
Heather: Thanks.
Heather: Douglas really said that?
Vincent: What's wrong, you don't trust me?
Claudia: I hired you to find the girl and you performed serviceably. 
Claudia: What is it now?
Douglas: You lied to me about Heather, lady.
Douglas: I don't like being used.
Claudia: Lie? What lie?
Douglas: That Heather was kidnapped from you.
Claudia: But it's true. She was originally one of us.
Claudia: That man, Harry Mason stole her away and kept her hidden from us.
Douglas: Yeah, but she says she was happy.
Claudia: She was brainwashed by him, deceived.
Claudia: Because her true self had not yet awoken.
Claudia: She carries God within her.
Claudia: But when Alessa, mother of God truly awakens...
Douglas: Yeah, what's gonna happen?
Claudia: She will usher in the eternal Paradise.
Douglas: What kind of place is that?
Claudia: A place with no pain.
Claudia: No hunger, no sickness, no old age.
Claudia: There will be no greed or war and all will live by God's grace alone.
Douglas: No this, no that, no nothin'.
Douglas: A paradise for castrated sheep, maybe. Sounds pretty boring.
Claudia: I pity you. You still don't understand.
Claudia: You're going to kill me? Is it really so easy for you?
Douglas: I've done it before.
Claudia: Then I truly do pity you.
Narrator: Welcome to the Borely Haunted Mansion!
Narrator: We're so glad you came.
Narrator: Please come inside and look around.
Narrator: When you feel you are ready, then go through the door.
Man: Help... Help...
Narrator: Do you hear those voices?
Narrator: A family of four was sliced into bloody pieces in this room.
Narrator: Ah, the cries of the children...
Narrator: The murderer was caught.
Narrator: Do you know why he said he killed his family?
Narrator: "Because I felt I had to!"
Narrator: Anyway, I'm lying.
Narrator: It's all just a joke.
Narrator: I wanted to scare you, that's all.
Narrator: The truth is that only one person died, by suicide.
Narrator: That's Danny.
Narrator: A quiet young man, but quite friendly, as you can see.
Narrator: He was so eager to meet you.
Narrator: His hometown is New Orleans.
Narrator: But he came here after first losing his way.
Narrator: Oh, maybe you might know?
Narrator: Where is the path to heaven?
Narrator: This mansion is quite old.
Narrator: So please watch your step.
Narrator: Sometimes the floor suddenly gives way.
Narrator: And beneath the floor, there's nothing.
Narrator: I'm so sorry.
Narrator: This place is just falling apart.
Narrator: The mechanism is broken, you see.
Narrator: It wasn't supposed to stop there, I assure you.
Narrator: There's the exit.
Narrator: I hope you enjoyed your tour.
Narrator: Please come back anytime.
Narrator: Or if you'd prefer, we could come and visit you instead.
Narrator: That was supposed to be the exit. 
Narrator: But it seems that no one wants you to leave.
Narrator: Everyone really likes you. They want you to stay with them forever.
Narrator: I have to agree with them.
Narrator: Don't be afraid. Dying is much easier than living.
Heather: Douglas!
Douglas: You're late.
Heather: Are you hurt?
Douglas: I can't move my right leg. I think it's broken.
Heather: I'll call an ambulance!
Douglas: Wait, I don't think one'll come.
Douglas: Don't worry, I'm used to it.
Heather: You... you old fool! Getting yourself hurt like that...
Douglas: Sorry.
Heather: What'll I do if you die?
Douglas: What'll we do if this god thing gets born?
Heather: C'mon. How powerful can a god from a dump like this be?
Heather: I'm sure it'll be no big deal.
Douglas: But anyway something's gonna happen.
Heather: Who knows? Maybe we'd all be better off if it did.
Douglas: But if this is how a god of mercy acts, I don't want to see any more of him.
Douglas: That's reason enough for risking my life, don't you think?
Douglas: Plus, I'm just an old fool, right?
Heather: You think you're superman or something?
Douglas: Y'know I always wanted to be him.
Douglas: Besides...
Heather: Yeah?
Douglas: I want to help you out.
Heather: You don't have to feel responsible. I know it's not your fault.
Douglas: You... you remind me of my son.
Heather: You said nobody was going to cry for you...
Douglas: Dead people don't cry.
Douglas: Stupid kid got himself shot robbing a bank.
Heather: But why?
Douglas: Maybe cause his pop was a penniless good-for-nothing.
Douglas: Who knows? Anyway, now I guess I'll never find out.
Douglas: Sorry, I shouldn't be say you remind me of a guy like him.
Heather: Well, maybe if you'd compared me to your daughter...
Heather: Listen, I'll take care of the rest. You stay here and I'll be back when it's over.
Douglas: You'll be ok by yourself?	
Heather: Hey, no problem.
Heather: Besides, my dads not around anymore so only I can do this.
Heather: What are you doing? 
Douglas: Maybe killing you here is the only way to end this nightmare...
Heather: Yeah, you might be right.
Douglas: What is it?
Heather: I just came by to make sure you were still alive.
Douglas: Sorry. I'd come with you if I wasn't hurt.
Heather: Yeah, well I guess that's the problem with the old guy, huh?
Heather: I'll handle things. You just rest.
Heather: Don't die on me, okay?
Claudia: How did you get here?
Claudia: It was Vincent, wasn't it? He led you here.
Claudia: When will he cease his meddling?
Claudia: But it's just as well. Luring you here also serves my purposes.
Heather: Checkmate.
Claudia: Not yet.
Claudia: The time is not yet at hand.
Claudia: The time when all will be forgiven their sins.
Claudia: When the paradise we have long dreamed for will arrive.
Claudia: After the Judgment and Atonement, an eternity of bliss.
Claudia: Oh, Alessa, the world you wanted is nearly here...
Heather: That's now what I want.
Claudia: Not you. Alessa. Your true self.
Heather: But I am Alessa.
Heather: My little Claudia. My dear, sweet sister.
Claudia: Alessa? Is it you? Oh, how I've missed you!
Heather: I don't need another world.
Heather: It's fine the way it is.
Claudia: But you said it yourself. The world must first be cleansed with fire.
Heather: But that's not what I want now.
Claudia: Alessa, don't you want happiness?
Claudia: Have you become blind to all the hopeless suffering in the world?
Claudia: We need... we all need God's salvation.
Heather: Listen. Suffering is a fact of life.
Heather: Either you learn to deal with that or you go under.
Heather: You can stay in your little dream world, but you can't keep hurting other people.
Heather: Besides, I'll never forgive you for hurting my father.
Claudia: I wish only for the salvation of mankind.
Claudia: But for that to happen, the world must first be remade.
Claudia: And for that we need God.
Heather: You self-righteous witch! No one asked you to help!
Claudia: You despise me, don't you?
Heather: You're damned right I do!
Claudia: That's good.
Woman: Dear God, please forgive me.
Woman: I know I'll be put to death for the sings I've committed.
Woman: And I'll go to my death gladly. And with a peaceful heart.
Woman: But please grant me just a small piece of your everlasting mercy.
Woman: Let me see my child once within your Golden Gates.
Woman: Send me not to Hell, but to Purgatory.
Woman: Allow me to atone for my sins there.
Woman: I'll stand within the very Flames of Redemption no matter how they burn me.
Woman: Forgive my wicked act of revenge.
Woman: And deliver the soul of my poor murdered daughter.
Woman: Please also care for the soul of the girl whose life I have taken.
Woman: God, I'm a child, trembling with fear as I stare at death.
Woman: Soothe my tortured soul with your infinite mercy. Please forgive me.
Heather: I forgive you.
Vincent: Hiya, Heather.
Heather: You show up everywhere don't you?
Vincent: You make me sound like some kind of unwanted pest.
Heather: Well, who are you anyway?
Vincent: Haven't you realized that yet?
Heather: Yeah, you're on Claudia's side.
Vincent: I told you not to put me in the same category as that madwoman.
Heather: Well you're pretty loony yourself.
Vincent: It's true that we believe in the same god, but I'm quite sane.
Heather: So why did you help me out then?
Heather: Was that also part of trying to resurrect god?
Vincent: It's not uncommon for people to worship the same god and still disagree. 
Heather: "God"? Are you sure you don't mean "Devil"?
Vincent: Whichever you like.
Vincent: The point is that now I really am on your side.
Vincent: I don't want God to be born.
Vincent: It wouldn't be convenient.
Vincent: Much too unpredictable.
Heather: So you've been using me to stop Claudia, is that it?
Heather: Do your own dirty work.
Vincent: My dirty work? I think we both have our own interests at mind.
Vincent: You hate her too, don't you?
Vincent: You're the only one who can get it done.
Vincent: I don't have powers like you two.
Vincent: Besides, I always hated getting all hot and sweaty.
Heather: Oh, really?
Vincent: I'm just looking out for myself. Everyone does it.
Vincent: Don't stand there looking so smug.
Vincent: You're the worst person in this room.
Vincent: You come here and enjoy spilling their blood and listening to them cry out.
Vincent: You feel excited when you step on them, snuffing out their lives.
Heather: Are you talking about the monsters?
Vincent: Monsters...?
Vincent: They look like monsters to you?
Vincent: Don't worry, it's just a joke.
Vincent: By the way, I forgot to ask you. Did you get the seal of Metatron?
Heather: What's that?
Vincent: You don't have it!? Leonard was carrying it!
Heather: You mean this thing?
Vincent: Yes, that's it. As long as we have that, we're fine.
Vincent: Here, take this.
Vincent: Do you know about what happened here 17 years ago?
Vincent: You've been here a long time, you must have heard some details.
Woman: A group of pagans, blinded by earthly desires, spit in the very face of God.
Woman: They tried to use the seal of Metatron to prevent God's awakening.
Woman: But God drove the unbelievers away and threw them into the Abyss.
Woman: But due to their wickedness, God was unable to be born properly.
Woman: And so she has slumbered ever since, in the womb of the Holy Mother.
Woman: Until the time of the Awakening...
Woman: That's all that I know.
Vincent: That's it, huh...
Vincent: Well, thanks.
Woman: Father Vincent.
Woman: I heard that the Holy Mother has been found. Is this true?
Vincent: Alessa has been found?
Vincent: Did Claudia say that?
Woman: Yes.
Vincent: Then it must be true. Her Sight rarely fails her.
Woman: Bless the Lord!
Vincent: Maybe it's because of her great faith.
Vincent: But I could never be like her. I wouldn't want to.
Woman: Nor I.
Woman: The truth is, Sister Claudia frightens me a little.
Vincent: Well now, let's both show our faith by forgetting bout this little talk, okay?
Woman: Yes.
Woman: But does that mean that this land will
Vincent: If God wills it Sister, if God wills it.
Vincent: What do I want?
Vincent: Well for the two of you to die. That would be nice.
Vincent: Then I could relax.
Claudia: When did you stop believing in God?
Claudia: Gold lives. Just look around you. 
Vincent: But I do believe in Her. In my own way.
Vincent: I fear Her. And I adore Her.
Vincent: But I haven't lost my mind like you. 
Vincent: You think that this is the work of God?
Vincent: Isn't this nothing more than your own personal nightmare?
Vincent: Just like Alessa 17 years ago.
Vincent: If this really is the work of God, I'd say she had lousy taste.
Claudia: You mock God!? Traitor.
Claudia: You will go to Hell.
Vincent: Not that again!
Vincent: Who do you think you are? Claiming to know God's will!?
Claudia: Go home, Vincent.
Vincent: Home? This church is my home.
Vincent: I built it with my power. The power of money that you that you view with such scorn.
Vincent: Although, I do admit this atrocious scenery is all yours.
Claudia: If you continue to get in my way...
Vincent: Then you'll kill me?
Vincent: Well, the guest of honor has arrived. Let's get this party started.
Vincent: Heather, go ahead and kill this crazy bitch.
Vincent: This demon who claims to speak for God.
Vincent: The time has come. You can kill her now.
Claudia: You'll go to Hell!
Heather: What did you do?
Claudia: Oh, nothing important.
Heather: You're not going to run? I guess this is the end.
Claudia: No, the beginning. As Vincent said: The time has come.
Claudia: Alessa, I'm saddened that you didn't agree to this on your own.
Claudia: But I thank you for nurturing God with all the hate in your heart.
Claudia: It's time for Mankind to be released from the shackles of sin that bind them.
Heather: But a God born from hate can never create a perfect paradise!
Claudia: Happy people can be so cruel.
Claudia: Is it so hard to believe that sympathy could be born from pain and suffering?
Claudia: Why do you reject God's mercy?
Claudia: Why do you cling to this corrupt world? You know that only God can save us.
Heather: And save you too? Happy ending?
Heather: I'd rather go to Hell.
Claudia: No, I don't expect to be saved.
Claudia: That's fine.
Claudia: Alessa, my dearest...
Claudia: For the pain I've caused you, I deserve no mercy.
Claudia: Even if it was to save mankind, it was too deep a sin.
Claudia: It was hubris for me to try to hasten the day of Her arrival.
Claudia: Sacrifices were made, and those are my sins.
Vincent: If you feel so guilty about it, why don't you go to Hell!
Vincent: Heather, use the seal.
Claudia: Vincent?
Claudia: The Seal of Metatron!
Vincent: Now your stupid dream is over!
Claudia: Oh, that's just a piece of junk.
Claudia: What do you think you can do with that?
Claudia: Do you really think it can kill God?
Claudia: I'm sorry to see you fell for my father's foolishness.
Vincent: What!?
Claudia: You're pathetic.
Claudia: But God loves even you.
Claudia: Now Alessa, there's nowhere else to run.
Claudia: Just accept it, Alessa.
Claudia: The pain will dissapear.
Claudia: Oh, I've been waiting so long for this.
Claudia: Even as a child I saw the coming of this day.
Claudia: I knew that I would be a witness to it, Judgment Day!
Claudia: Alessa!
Heather: Shut your stinking mouth, bitch!
Heather: Aah!
Claudia: Alessa...
Claudia: Oh God...
Claudia: Bring us salvation.
Heather: Dad...
Claudia: What are you doing?
Claudia: She's nearly here.
Claudia: What is it?
Claudia: Alessa, what have you done, what did you swallow!?
Heather: Looks like God didn't make it.
Claudia: Stop!
Claudia: God is...!
Heather: Claudia...
Claudia: Alessa, you cannot kill God.
Claudia: I will... I will birth God...
Claudia: If you can't do it Alessa, I will...
Heather: You can't be dead, I was going to kill you!
Heather: This is God...?
Heather: Is this the end? 
Heather: I guess it's time to roll the credits.
Heather: Dad...
Douglas: Heather!
Douglas: Is it really over?
Heather: Not yet.
Heather: You're still alive.
Heather: Just a joke.
Douglas: You've got terrible taste.
Heather: I'm sorry.
Douglas: Heather. Did you...
Heather: You don't have to call me that. I'm not hiding anymore.
Douglas: You want me to use your real name? What was it again...
Heather: Cheryl. 
Heather: The name my father gave me.
Douglas: You gonna let your hair colour go back too?
Heather: I don't know. Don't you think blondes have more fun?
Heather: Is this the end?
Heather: I guess it's time to roll the credits.
Heather: Dad...
Heather: I'm home, Dad. Listen.... Something crazy is going on.
Harry: (With squeaky voice) Cheryl, you're back. What happened?
Heather: Well, it's like this....
Heather: And that's about it.
Harry: (With squeaky voice) Oh, my poor little Cheryl. I can't believe that! 
Harry: (With squeaky voice) I'm going to Silent Hill and I'm gonna bust some heads!
Heather: Oh, Dad! You're the coolest.